Hey guys welcome back OK this lecture we're going to do is we're going to take a look at the software
that will be using neuron or zombies that's called Jarvi and then we'll look at one of the options for
gang of.
You don't remember VPM is a virtual private server different than a virtual private network virtual
private server.
What that is is it's almost like your own independent machine that runs on someone else's server.
It looks very very similar to your operating system on your computer.
Let's say I log into my computer I log in through my user account.
I see my desktop I see all of my files.
It's kind of the same thing except the hardware that's running that is going to be somewhere else.
And then we use the internet connection to connect to that.
It's not super complicated it can get complicated.
But for our purposes we keep it pretty simple.
So let's first look at the system they're going to use called Jarvi.
Now this is kind of what it looks like now Jarvi is a remake of an old system called mass following
and not following was one of the most popular Instagram automation tools on automation and management
tools but it ended up getting banned and shutting down.
And so this is kind of the next generation of it.
They kind of took a lot of mistakes at mass follow orders following their followers had and they tried
to improve on it to make sure that you break all of the rules.
It also has pretty much the same feature set.
They just added a lot to it.
Now the reason why I'm teaching guys how to use Jarvi is because I'm fairly confident that even if Jarvi
gets shut down there'll be another system that pops up and does the exact same thing.
So really you only have to understand the basics of it and you should be fine.
This is what the company's website looks like.
It's not designed to be beautiful it's actually pretty simple and they just kind of focus on shoving
as many features as they possibly can into one system.
They do things like Facebook and Twitter automation as well as Instagram's if you end up doing it yourself
this actually saves you a lot of time.
It helps you do things like post scheduling.
So I'll show you in the coming up lectures how we can schedule posts using Jarvi.
It does the same follow on follow like calm and direct message automation that we we used to have asked
for and at one point I was using social pop but they cover a lot of that too.
So it is it is pretty useful in that if you just want to use Jarvi Well you can use that for everything
and you don't actually have to use a lot of other softwares or having any stats to that are very similar
to what you might get with like iconv Square.
But I generally find iconv scored a lot easier to use now so you really quickly what the software looks
like.
Keep in mind you dont need to study it right this second and the follow up lectures will go over actually
what the sections of the app do.
So it looks like this.
Now you just noticed I just teleported to a different computer and this is my V-P guess its actually
a Windows machine somewhere in Atlanta.
Now this is where I have all of my zombies and you can see we actually have quite a few of them and
it works just like any other software its kind of slow and ugly and buggy but its got a lot of features
baked into it.
OK.
So that should whet your appetite to understand what it looks like.
And in the future what we'll do is we'll jump in here and show you how to use it.
OK.
Now back to how to set up a VPN s.
Now there's two different ways that you can run Jarvi.
Now you can run it on your computer or you can run it on a VPN.
There's a pretty key distinction here though is that if you run it on your computer it's a system that
just runs on your computer.
And when you close your laptop lid or you turn off your computer it stops running.
So that's something you have to keep in mind.
If you're someone who wants to use the box features which are making zombies you do and you don't really
want to have to worry about how long you have your laptop open or your computer on or you know if you
are trying to do like video editing at the same time it might actually compete for resources on your
computer.
They don't worry about that.
You should do a VPN.
Now the VPN that allows us to do is to upload this software application to a computer that's always
on.
So our VPN is always going to be running and that allows Jarvi to run unimpeded and to use the full
breadth of its features.
Now one thing to point out is if you guys are a Mac user which I am you have to do the GPS because there
actually is no Jarvi version for Mac.
So it actually kind of forces us to do the VTES perfectly fine because I think that's the way you should
do it anyway.
Now what I use for my VPN is just a service called green cloud.
Now the reason why is just because Jarvi works with this company so they recommend using them.
So you know everything on this Web site is tailored towards are doing Jarvi software.
Right.
So I don't know exactly how in my head what exactly they would have to do to their servers or setting
some make it such that it works well with Jervy.
I kind of just assume that there's a lot going on back and forth in a collaboration such that this probably
saves me a little bit of headaches.
So anyway it's green cloud veeps dot com.
Are they the cheapest in the world.
Not really what you can do though is you can get a VPN for about eight dollars a month.
That's their cheapest version.
So if you go to their website right here you can see that they have three main offers of dedicated servers.
K.V. MVP apps and Windows apps.
Now generally speaking we don't have to worry about these two K.V. EMS and dedicated servers just because
Jervy it runs constantly but it doesn't use up that much in terms of resources.
So we don't need something really hard core like if I was running an actual web application thousands
of users that I might run a dedicated server but for something this simple I'm just going to stick with
whatever they have that's cheap and easy.
Now what you want to do is go to Windows because their thing runs on Windows so this is going to be
automatically configured to run on as a Windows operating system.
I think they give you Windows 2000 or something or Windows XP.
It's the turn of the millennium version so it's really old.
But they do that because it's just not really necessary to install some of the newer Windows because
they're too large and they take up too many resources and so by keeping it bare bones we can actually
focus on whatever it is that we are using the VPN to begin with and not have to dedicate resources to
running the operating system.
So over here you can just click Windows CPS and you can see what they have.
So for the most part they cost you about 8 bucks a month.
They believe quarterly.
And so that's just kind of a cost that you have to take into this.
So we want to go to a budget and to be honest budget windows those are pretty much all you would need
until you start having say a 100 different zombie accounts.
In my situation I think I paid a little bit more like 15 bucks a month so that I have a little bit faster
on just because I found that my computer my virtual private server was really really slow and I was
just driving me crazy.
But if I was a little bit more of a patient person I could easily get away with one of these $8 a month
ones or $10 a month.
So if you look at here it'll give you the stats so it's you're basically borrowing resources almost
like you buying a computer.
So two gigs of RAM for gigs around 8 gigs of RAM will give you some storage but you don't actually need
that because it costs nothing and Dharavi requires storage and it says like what your processor is again.
You don't think you'd ever really need to go over say like the budget 3 and that's only something I'd
really do if I had to 300 zombies if you're just going to do 20.
Then you can be perfectly fine getting away with this do you're Blazey like me or you get annoyed by
slow things and Budget to also works as well.
So we can check out when my client area looks like.
OK so when you actually set up an account it looks like this you'll have over here and services active
products as you see I have a budget to and I call it zombies.
If we go to services you can see that I actually had my old one called Innovation accounts and I thought
I was too slow so I upgraded and I canceled it.
So now I think I've had 20 bucks a month.
If you want to look at the settings just click here and it just looks like this.
You want to upgrade it here you can request cancellation right here.
There's only really two important things right here which is that they'll tell you your hostname and
that's something you said.
Then they'll give you your primary IP.
That's very important.
And then your username and password.
So the way you would access this is by using a software program that allows you to tunnel into the CPS
and then access it kind of like you saw me do just earlier in the way you do that as you would point
it towards this dome this IP and then you'd use this username and password to basically get into it.
And then the rest of it's just you know if you want to reset it powered off power and on etc. etc..
So when you do sign up for one if you do decide to use green cloud.
Yes this is essentially what will happen you'll buy something like this.
It'll give you this basic information and then it's up to you to connect to it.
Now what I use to connect and honestly it's the easiest one I've ever found.
It's just Microsoft remote desktop.
It's an application that looks like this.
It's super simple works on both Mac and Windows and really all you have to do is go here once you install
it.
Click next and you can give it a connection name.
That's just for you.
And then give it the IP address.
Remember our IP address is right there.
And then it will ask for a gateway which you don't actually need.
Asked for credentials which you do need and put those.
And then everything else is you just kind of leave it alone right.
If you're using 0 as 10 then do as 10 native If you're using Windows then you would go to custom and
I would just ask for Windows.
The rest of it.
Honestly I wouldn't even screw with it because everything else is pretty much set up the way you'd want
it to be.
There's some other advanced settings but I really wouldn't touch them unless you know what you're doing
so I wouldn't really dive into that.
But once you set it up you'll have it will add it down here.
So a lot of people have multiple veeps so they might have multiple ones.
And then once you have it like that it's really as simple as just double clicking it to log on when
you first used this.
You'll do this.
It'll take you to here you'll see a bunch of log in stuff saying that it's logging in it's using the
password and then essentially you'll have it look exactly like a Windows computer.
You'll have a button to click for the administrator you click that you log in.
You don't have to do a pass or a meeting.
And then once you do that you just hit this screen your desktop.
Just like any other computer then it's really just up to you to use the embedded Internet Explore or
to install Google Chrome if you want to to go to Jarvi to then install it and then having it you'll
have it run here and it's pretty easy from there.
Once you have everything set up.
One thing that I think is very important that you do really quickly is just go to your browsers and
do what we did before which is what is my IP dot com.
Now they tell you what your IP address is in the green cloud as admin panel.
But I've found that sometimes it fluctuates.
Here at the very end.
So what you ought to do is just go find your public IP address.
We'll be right here and then write that down.
Now the reason why you want to write that down is just because later on when we start using IP addresses
whether or not you use high proxies or whatever some of them will require authentication through a IP
address.
So all you have to do is go to whatever your IP service is with shared proxies or high proxies or there's
a million different providers and then tell them that hey this is the IP address right there that I
want you to validate from because what's going to happen is start putting our proxy IPs these up here
into our Jarvi account.
You just need to make sure that when Jarvi tries to use a proxy IP from up here which you will still
take these IPs and are dedicating them to accounts that every time it tries to connect Instagram to
do something on your account it has access to the IPs because your system is already set up to recognize
that virtual private servers IP address.
And to give it the green light otherwise you're just going to have a bad time.
All right guys.
That's it for now.
Green cloud is the one I just showed you how to use.
We also used Microsoft's remote server.
A very simple application to easily tunnel into your VPN.
It only takes three points of information just the IP address the administrator name and the password
to get India of us.
And then we both green cloud G.P.A. that's just about 10 bucks a month.
I think it's pretty reasonable although I'm not crazy about the service just because it's pretty bare
bones.
Plenty of other providers out there if you find a better one.
I'm not surprised.
All right guys the next question what I want to do is show you how to set this up with Amazon AWOS.
Why.
Well because Amazon AWOS gives all new users a free year.
So for those of you just really trying to touch just test this out and don't want to spend $10 a month
this is a free version.
Slow but it's free.
And then you can kind of see whether or not you like it.
And if you want to upgrade.
OK.
CNN ex-boxer.